# Example data

Data for the examples ran in `run_examples.jl`. 
We provide the time series used in the examples, as well as the system's parameters used to generate the time series, including the ground truth location and frequency of the forcings. 


---

## 3-node network

The 3-node network example is precisely the one illustrated in Fig. 1 of the main manuscript. 

### Description of the files

- **ntw3\_d.csv**: Vector of damping values. 
- **ntw3\_gtfreq.csv**: Ground truth frequency of the forcing. 
- **ntw3\_gtnode.csv**: Ground truth index of the forcing's source node.
- **ntw3\_ks.csv**: List of frequency indices used in the SALO and SALO-relax algorithms in the example. 
- **ntw3\_L.csv**: Weighted Laplacian matrix of the interconnection graph. 
- **ntw3\_ls.csv**: List of the candidate sources used in the SALO algorithm in the example. 
- **ntw3\_tau.csv**: Time step. 
- **ntw3\_Xs.csv**: Time series of the example. The first 3 rows are the time series of the positions and the last 3 rows are the time series of the velocities. 


---

## 20-node network

The 20-node network example has been generated by a Watts-Strogatz process and is the one illustrated in the main manuscript.

### Description of the files

- **ntw20\_d.csv**: Vector of damping values. 
- **ntw20\_gtfreq.csv**: Ground truth frequency of the forcing. 
- **ntw20\_gtnode.csv**: Ground truth index of the forcing's source node.
- **ntw20\_ks.csv**: List of frequency indices used in the SALO and SALO-relax algorithms in the example. 
- **ntw20\_L.csv**: Weighted Laplacian matrix of the interconnection graph. 
- **ntw20\_ls.csv**: List of the candidate sources used in the SALO algorithm in the example. 
- **ntw20\_tau.csv**: Time step. 
- **ntw20\_Xs.csv**: Time series of the example. The first 20 rows are the time series of the positions and the last 20 rows are the time series of the velocities. 


---


